TURTL                                                                            Login








9 BEST B2B INTENT DATA PROVIDERS IN
2025


Mar 19, 2025

TeamTurtl



Lead generation



















r       (








( Co ntents







Share

I EXf







Intent data providers sound like something Chandler Bing would have encountered in his career. But, unlike his actual job (something something data something), they're easy enough to explain.


Here, we'll demystify the tech-y connotations and walk you through the best intent data providers on the market - so you can understand how intent data tools empower your sales and marketing teams to identify the right opportunities.



WHAT IS AN INTENT DATA PROVIDER?


An intent data provider is a tool to help you understand your leads' behavior better. They'll track their activities, collect and analyze data, and point out trends so you can make sure they progress through the sales funnel smoothly.


From the data, you'll learn how interested leads are in your product or service, helping you identify accounts and prioritize target accounts for your outreach.
With it, you can:



Create ABM campaigns
Create personalized web experiences and prioritize leads



Reach out at the right time with the right message



Identify intent and your hot leads



There are three types of buyer intent data: first, second, and third-party. Using all three data points gets you the best view of your customers, their behaviors, and their needs - which is crucial to build a strong sales funnel and optimize your sales cycle.

FIRST-PARTY INTENT DATA

This is data collected from your own channels or integrations in your tech stack. It could be gathered at different stages of the buying journey but you'll only see information from interactions
with potential customers across your digital landscape - like the company website, socials, and email.


It could be:



Web visits or page views from website visitors



Lead generation form submissions



Webinar sign-ups


SECOND-PARTY INTENT DATA

Second-party data comes from another company's first-party data. For B2B marketers, review sites like G2 or TrustRadius give you some of this intel. Second-party data is most useful further down the buying journey, at the decision stage or bottom-of-the-sales funnel. It gives you a broader view of market trends and intent signals in customer behavior, including signals from third party sites and other websites.

It could be:
Content engagement data on social media sites like Linkedln



Mentions in review sections of third party sites e.g. Glassdoor, Google Reviews



Engagement in product vendors or categories


INTENT DATA

Intent data provider companies are businesses that collect third party data and sell it to you. They could gather this data from many sources such as:

Online searches Researching competitors Downloading guides or publications
When researching third-party intent data provider companies  to work with, look for the best: Seamless integrations
Customization



Reporting



Pricing



Whether it's first, second, or third-party, intent data helps transform  content performance  and sales strategies. Use it to take your leads' temperature so you can give the most TLC to feverish leads and uncover key pain points. Incorporate data into your marketing campaigns and your overall sales and marketing approach, and you'll catch the right attention from the right people - turning intent signals into more deals and improved customer success.

THE BEST THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS


L

If you don't read Bombora's name and immediately start singing Bambol~o in your head, we can't befriends.


Anyway, if straight-up, no-frills B2B intent data software is what you're after, look no further than the self-proclaimed market leader.

KEY FEATURES


Data isn't siphoned or scraped. It's collected from a cooperative of 5000+ B2B sites, where
B2B buyers search for solutions - giving you global coverage and accurate intent data.



85% of their data is exclusive to them



CRM integrations



Pros



Data is ethically sourced and CCPA compliant data



Clear and easy reporting



Customer support



Good search categories



Cons
No other marketing tools included



You don't get contact details



Some of their system is tricky to navigate







Cognism's specialty is sales intelligence. They source accurate company and contact data. But they also embed buyer intent signals from a certain Bombora, so you can find the businesses that want
to find you.


KEY FEATURES


12,000 topics you can track Contact data with 98% accuracy GDPR compliant
Local and global coverage



Pros



Intent data insights twinned with contact data Integrations including Salesforce, Hubspot, and Outreach Easy setup
Cons



Can be slow in exporting reports
There could be more enhanced filter options


3. ZOOMINO

Zoomlnfo's sales platform combines real-time data, handy business organization charts, and advanced firmographics  (like company size). All these together give you a strong picture of who's interested in your products and services.

KEY FEATURES


Details for 50 million businesses and 230 million professionals



Real-time buyer intent data Automated workflow builder CRM integrations
Pros



Automated workflows



Easy to navigate



View business organization charts



Chrome extension



Cons



Some outdated data



Some duplicated contacts
Limited segmentation abilities


4.

Demandbase's Al-driven software covers all bases - from identifying high-intent leads to engaging with the potential customers most likely to buy.

KEY FEATURES


Real-time intent with 500 billion intent signals a month



Al-driven



Partners with other sources to extend data Intent data at many stages of buyer's journey View tech that your prospects use
Account-based advertising



CRM integrations



Pros



Easy to use



Good tool for ad targeting and budgeting



Add custom tags and fields



Good customer support
Cons



Complex system with a lot of functionality to figure out



Reporting could be better



Keyword customization could be better






Manual set-up


5. 6SENSE

6Sense doesn't see dead people, but it does use Al as a sixth sense in its capacity as both an ABM tool and intent data provider.  And you can create personalized experiences with its enhanced customer segmentation.

KEY FEATURES


Real-time insight



Uses Al to predict the optimal time to engage with prospects



Good customer support



View buyer activity on competitor sites



Get info on prospects' buying team



Pros



Advanced segmentation
Good onboarding experience and ongoing support



Good keyword availability



Cons



Integrations can be slow and clunky Data not always entirely up to date Issues with data visualization UI
6. TCHTARGET               'YENGINE

Continuing the theme of smushing two words together to create its name,
TechTarget Priority Engine isn't just an intent data provider but comes with add-on tools to hook you up with a smooth, well-connected stack that'll seriously help your marketing and sales teams.

KEY FEATURES


View topics your prospects are actively researching



Data not available anywhere else GDPR-compliant data Integrations available
Pros


Cons

7.G2
Accurate contact details



Account journey maps




Filters could be more advanced



Clunky Salesforce integration



Simply named, G2 is a software review site. But create a profile for your business and you can discover the companies searching for a solution like yours. It's also a goldmine of that second-party buyer intent data we talked about. Millions use the site each year and can be an effective, and cheap, way to generate new leads and target potential customers and best accounts.

KEY FEATURES


Multi-channel attribution



Plenty of integrations available



Insight into churn risk



Pros



Free to start



Enhance your brand reputation



Huge reach Advanced filters Easy UI
Cons



No activity dashboard



Bias towards larger companies



Some integrations could be more in-depth



NoAPls


8.LE     ONON

Obviously, we love a fun name, and Lead Onion gets points for theirs. This intent data provider  finds up-to-date purchase intent data that you can then segment and align with buyer personas within your ICP. It also includes communication tools so you can reach out to your prospects straight away.

KEY FEATURES


Advanced segmentation



Unlimited contact storage



Build contact lists that match your personas



Integrations available



Pros



Lookalike tool to find similar leads and extend reach



Easy to use



Accurate data
Access social, web, and topic data



Cons



Some outdated leads



Competitor analysis could be more detailed


9.

A lead gen platform that helps sales teams identify the best prospects, automate journeys, and put together a cohesive outreach strategy.

KEY FEATURES


CRM and API integrations



Can be used with email and mobile marketing to help personalize content



Includes competitor intel



Includes data from 200 countries



Advanced search filters



Pros



Easy to use



Good customer support



Good search tool
Cons



Contact data isn't always up to date.






BUT WHAT ABOUT FIRST AND  SECOND• PARTY INTENT DATA?


Third-party intent data might seem like the easiest option, but it comes at a cost. If budgets are tight, you'll want to think about how you can capitalize on first and second-party intent data insights.

Web analytics and form fills are the most accessible ways to get into the details of your first-party intent data. But have you thought about how your content can work just as hard for you?







USING TURTL TO GET FIRST-PARTY DATA


When you create content with Turtl, you get access to real-time customer behavior data. From awareness content through to purchase and referral, there are content types for every part of the buying journey. Turtl's analytics give you content performance analytics so you can iterate and learn from your leads' actions.

In the dashboard, you'll find stats such as: Read time by section
Click through rates



Bounce rates



Form or survey fills
Poll interactions



And if a reader completes certain actions, like filling out an in-content lead capture form, you'll even get access to Known Reader data. On the Reader Dashboard, you'll find how an individual reader interacted with your content. Impressive stuff if we do say so ourselves.


All of these are crucial first-party intent data points that help you hone in on impactful content and find best-fit leads who are listening to what you have to say.







TURTL TAKEAWAY


Getting to grips with intent data providers doesn't need to be as tough as figuring out Chandler's job title. We're hoping our rundown of the intent data providers to look out for in 2025 makes things less murky - and shows you why it's a smart move to take note of your leads' purchasing intent.


Whether it's first, second, or third, intent data enriches your marketing strategy and gives guidance about what content will pull prospects over the line.




Get revenue-driving intent data from content


Turtl delivers intent insights that refine outreach and drive better revenue results from content

" Book your demo















RELATED STORIES





























Lead generation


How to create the best B2B lead magnets






Pae break



Add mid-point C




1.5x ROI
E.





Content performance        Revenue content


Intent data: Shady shell game, or a CMO's secret weapon?
Content marketing


Why you should combine first-party & third-party data








View all stories















FIND OUT HOW TURTL CAN HELP TRANSFORM YOUR BUSINESS



Book a demo









Product                                                             Use cases
Format


Platform overview Editor Personalization Analytics
Optimize


Hatch


Integrations

Demand generation


Lead generation


Account based marketing


Sales enablement Content production Alternative to PDF Content types





Teams                                                               Resources



Marketing teams Sales teams Marketing ops Customer success

The Revenue Gap Content hub Compare
Platform tour FAQs Howtologin
Help center





About                                                             Important



About us                                                                                 Legal hub Contact us                                                                              Cookie policy Pricing                                                                                      Privacy policy Careers                                                                                   Terms of use
Partners


Security


Professional services

Turtl data protection Sustainability Patents






TURTL







(c) Copyright 2025 Turtl. All rights reserved. The world's 1st Revenue Content platform.
